tractor Mac arrives at the farm by billy
steers simply the horse LaDonna stunts
Tony meadow farm he was a hard worker
tug and pull haul and drag he did the
work of two strong horses still please
Sibley's days were spent ploughing in
the spring mowing in the summer
harvesting in the fall and logging in
the winter Sibley's favorite job was
pulling the hay ride at summer picnics
the children wouldn't all cheer for
Sibley and give him treats of apples and
carrots
one day the animals heard a strange new
noise in the farm yard chug chug a pot
they looked out of the barn the large
red meat a large red machine sat in the
farmyard spewing smoke farmer Bill was
seated on a bright new shiny tractor he
had a big smile on his face
that evening farmer bill parked the
tractor in the barn the animals came
over to greet the newcomer what big
black rubber tires you have said Carla
the chicken look at all of your wires
and gears and cables exclaimed Pete the
pig
welcome to stony meadow farm greeted Sam
the old Ram welcome welcome
the others cried the red tractor smiled
how'd he do he said my name is Mac I can
do the work of ten horses and I'm happy
to be here ten horses guessed the
animals you must be really strong that
night simply was not able to sleep
visions and mechanical horses danced in
his head could Mac really do the work of
ten horses what would be left for Sibley
to do early the next morning farmer Bill
continued climbed into manic seat and
started the engine Mack rumbled to life
and they headed for the fields simply
waited to be tacked up for the day's
work but nobody came all that day said
we listened to the other animals did you
see how fast night pod the fields cackle
the chickens he delivered the hay in
less than an hour the Sheep explained he
hauled all the wood for the new roof
squealed the pigs as the days passed it
was clear that Mac had taken over all of
Sibley's jobs assume that we turning you
out to pasture said Margaret the cow
you'll probably never have to work
another day in your life just then said
we heard the sound of children maybe
they were coming to the barnyard for a
hay ride he got
out of the barn and stopped abruptly at
the fence there was Mack pulling a dozen
children in a hay wagon Sibley's hay
wagon simply had never felt so sad and
useless in his whole life what good is a
workhorse you cannot work the weeks that
followed Sibley hoped that he would that
he would be put to work but every
morning farmer bill and Mack left the
barn simply wondered if he had been
forgotten for good finally one day
farmer bill came back to the farm
without mech Sibley all that I need your
help we have a problem that only you can
fix the farmer but the farmer led Sibley
to one of the far fields rain had fallen
during the night the field was soaked
with rain water there sat Mac up to his
axles and mud with a tug and a yank
Sibley wrenched Mack free from the mud
he spent the rest of the day working in
the soggy fields while Mac sat behind
the stone wall when it was time to go
back to the barn Mac said thanks for
rescuing me Sibley the farmer bill
patted Sibley on the neck you were a big
help today he said from that day on Rama
bill let both Sibley and Mac work side
by side they became best friends the end